_includes/tutorials/generate-test-data-streams/ksql/markup/dev/create-connector-02.adoc, before:

Now let's see how you can generate streams of data that is related and consistent. 

Consider an example where we want to generate some dummy data about network devices. The stream of events would have fields such as

-> The MAC address of the device

-> The number of bytes sent

Now let's imagine that instead of generating lots of random MAC addresses, we want a limited set so that the data is more realistic, tying it back to a fixed set of imaginary devices. Each device will have some characteristics: 

-> MAC address (primary key / unique identifier)

-> Device name

-> Location 

Run the following to create the connector:

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="sql">{% include_raw tutorials/generate-test-data-streams/ksql/code/tutorial-steps/dev/create-connector-02.sql %}</code></pre>
+++++

The connector settings can be understood as follows: 

* **Devices**

->  `genkp` sets the https://dius.github.io/java-faker/apidocs/com/github/javafaker/Internet.html#macAddress--[macAddress] as the primitive key

-> The `city` and `country` are set as nested values in the `location` entity

-> `records.exactly` limits the number of records produced to 10

* **Traffic**

-> Not all messages in Kafka are keyed, and this shows an example of generating null keys by setting the null rate to 100% (`null.rate` has a value between 0 and 1).

[source,sql]
----
'genkp.traffic.with'                = '#{Number.randomDigit}',
'attrkp.traffic.null.rate'           = 1,
----

-> The MAC address of the device is set as one of the existing keys on `devices` 

-> The rate at which messages are produced is limited to two per second (`throttle.ms' = 500`)

Commit message:

Fixing tutorial to use DatagenConnector vs. Voluable (#1600)
* Fixing tutorial to use DatagenConnector vs. Voluable

* Add new line to output files

* Add copy of schema to harness file

* Update Kafka version of tutorial for using datagen connector

* Correct the create connector page in harness file

* Another harness file fix

* Add kafka test to semaphore

* Restore PR deployments

* Add pulling ruby dependencies to PR deploy

* Changes for added DatagenConnector

* Fix harness file for jekyll build

* Addressing comments on PR

_includes/tutorials/generate-test-data-streams/ksql/markup/dev/create-connector-02.adoc, after:

Now let's see how you can generate streams of data that is related and consistent. You are going to use https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-connect-datagen/tree/master#use-a-bundled-schema-specification[bundled schemas] available in the Kafka Connect `DatagenConnector`.


Consider an example where we want to generate some dummy data for tracking sensors on a fleet of delivery trucks.  There will be two streams of data: (1) the current location of each truck, and (2) truck sensor information from each truck.  The first stream representing the location of the trucks would contain the following fields:

-> *Vehicle id (primary key / unique identifier)*

-> *Current location of the truck expressed in longitude and latitude*

The second stream will contain sensor readings attached to the truck.  Now instead of generating lots of random sensor data, we want a limited set so that it's more realistic, tying it back to a fixed set of imaginary trucks. Each sensor reading will provide the following information:

-> *Vehicle id (primary key / unique identifier)*

-> *Engine Temerature*

-> *Average RPM*

For building the two related streams you'll need to create two datagen connectors.

Run the following to create the fleet managment location datagen connector:
+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="sql">{% include_raw tutorials/generate-test-data-streams/ksql/code/tutorial-steps/dev/create-connector-02.sql %}</code></pre>
+++++
